jo people now empedocle the
bosses from the second roth of the boss games
again at the start
direct impact you know we're running
Let's try the second one here
qualifying so the second opponent and
definitely planned here again
different weapons you know it
my friends are running
God loves you with the msnbc at the start
and coaching
ant in front of the table
with you in any case player like that
I have offensive players in the first
match determined in any case
especially God read here with his
to the mg you know it works but he is
quite undecided where he should go-out
and coaching is in the rg flight
In any case, this means that kilos are definitely and
is now in the lead here now
god likes again here i can once
so a bit on points
in the flyer as a mite tactic
applied without boss games mandate
I can lose my girlfriend
push out times because then the heart pumps
In any case, then you are on each
Cope with the nerves so and if
it is when you first once back
and then the heart is so violent point
hard to catch up I can say expresses
Because of that, Jura has coaching the
psychological advantage on the
mentalist incident at the start
but god one does not know maybe
he must be so unstable stable mentalist
that has definitely stood up to it
coaching how do you feel at the moment?
his lead okay alright and here shows
currently not so well in parallel
but he would have to be the winner of you
play against all three too
So violent opponent's title is bent
I say in any case so it is
Not so bad if you are now
fly out or nothing before they get out of there
makes here in any case fierce buhs
at the beginning
Do you have casual on the green grass Brunn
But coaching is very stable here
as far as the hare goes
hab in which he hold again
headshot east director james reese
the ball is running she goes on the there
made it patrick knobel
Today comes back to earth this time
God likes the nose in front my friends
I'll tell you both know about how
the rabbit is running
therefore very exciting match july
Now both are back at the dik auto
position there you also pack to the
flier and get hold of such a
point we are on an analysis
every case satisfied or ok on everyone
case expired
but god easily gives himself up to everyone
if not beaten he smells the
he's still cooking, he thinks okay
could win but I've had enough time
but it had to be stable too
constant performance but causing things
Of course, he is also a tough opponent
I realize already
the so much travel style your knowledge of humor
but I think weiwei against AI has he
but no chance so there is one
good hour at the latest big but here
is in the book, but was 15 to 5
yes somehow clearly that in the
Secondary that would be my friends
I did not think that we were such a good one
result but now god likes
maybe he's just a
Leaving a leap you do not know
you can never say in advance
Can you tell him it's like you're like that
if you think that way too, this is what drives you
a few German beat you know
not how many you can never find
predict the woman who has exactly on her
now here the pbb unpacked i was
very funny
a weapon rarely seen before
here in the legendary boss game but
Maybe it sounds like something's gonna break
will definitely be seen
but god easily gets the next one
point with the earth also knows africa there
he did not loaf now reacted by margot
His hands are probably back
water of life & coaching is now
very stable here
he pulls the tracks dry says ans
water end one can say so old
saying
coaching you really have to say is she
I would definitely be in the lead
not thought now
what makes a woman very interesting partie
wing is not spread nothing is
not in the earth and in any case
that's probably why he died
I think so too will spread
occasionally else you go fast again
under top and that does not want to know
what she does there, too, I know what he does
makes the audience is on the case
water does but cause is on everyone
falling under top pop house nuke also
Toni, what's up ?
rocket to kilt until the final ring
but gold lead can of course now
but make 14 kills and win
So I do not say so
possible
or perhaps but postponed is
not one will definitely be soon
learn single don t let tute win
he is not bringing her now
Of course, here are god likes
every case he knows to be nervous in that
the castle yet been
he asked okay now how fast I am
a little bit at that, not me
loser he tries now has only
Unfortunately he did not work, unfortunately
lost
Coaching one goes into the next room is
he god likes unfortunately gets lost like that
You can not change anything after the match
The bunny just runs once more
you do not do anything
not like maybe it gets time
maybe do that next time
it can definitely change bmp
or borsody pitches